The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a leading global financial services firm providing investment banking, global markets and asset management services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and high-net-worth individuals. The firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in London, Frankfurt, Tokyo, Bangalore, Hong Kong and other major financial centers around the world. Divisional Overview Goldman Sachs Asset Management Division (AMD) is one of the world’s leading investment managers. AMD provides institutional and individual investors with investment and advisory solutions, with strategies spanning asset classes, industries, and geographies. We help our clients navigate today’s dynamic markets, and identify the opportunities that shape their portfolios and long-term investment goals. We extend these global capabilities to the world’s leading pension plans, sovereign wealth funds, central banks, insurance companies, financial institutions, endowments, foundations, individuals and family offices. Goldman Sachs Asset Management Fixed Income & Sustainable Investment & Innovation Platform Goldman Sachs Asset Management is a global leader among Fixed Income managers and has been managing Fixed Income assets for over 20 years. Our investment philosophy and process are built around one core concept: empower experts in each sector of the market to deliver value. Our model is formulated on the belief that sector specialist teams have a vested interest in success. Each team operates independently, identifying the best trade ideas and implementing them directly into client portfolios. Portfolios are driven by diverse sources of alpha, including both top down and bottom up analysis. Risk management is integral to our process. The Sustainable Investing & Innovation Platform (SI&IP) is a central group dedicated to Sustainable Investing. The SI&IP streamlines sustainability through product and investment teams, sets the strategic direction for the firm & clients, aligns sustainable investing policies & best practices and inspires innovation firmwide. We have devoted considerable resources to sustainable and impact investing and have over 200 professionals who spend the majority of their time on sustainability related research, portfolio management, stewardship, engineering, and risk management. As of December 2023, Goldman Sachs Asset Management manages $327.6bn in ESG assets under supervision. Role Overview The Sustainable Investment Specialist (SIS) will be part of the Sustainable Investing & Innovation Platform (SI&IP) and the Investment Specialist (IS) team within the Global Fixed Income and Liquidity Solutions Product Management. As a key member of the SI&IP in Singapore, the SIS will be responsible for supporting the Asia Lead and the firm’s efforts in sustainability in the region. The SI&IP in Singapore researches current topics and perspectives in sustainability, joins stewardship activities with investment teams, engages clients on our sustainable products and solutions, works with policy makers and local regulators, and participates in strengthening the local sustainability eco-system in Singapore. Additionally within the Fixed Income IS team, the SIS will assist other Client Portfolio Managers (CPM’s) in providing portfolio and investment strategy information as well as market developments to clients. The IS team is responsible for assisting the CPM’s and Lead Portfolio Managers (LPM’s) on client mandates. This includes being involved in all aspects of the new business process, assisting LPM’s in providing portfolio and investment strategy information as well as market developments to our existing clients. The SI&IP and IS teams are global in nature and are distributed across New York, London, The Hague, Singapore and Bengaluru. Job Responsibilities Support the Sustainable Investing & Global Fixed Income Platform - Research on ESG topics and thought leadership, regional policy & regulation, stewardship activities including ESG research on investee companies. Develop Product & Strategy Knowledge – Play an instrumental role in developing internal and external ESG training and education, working closely with others including the investment and product teams. Develop knowledge of industry trends, competitive landscape, and investment team capabilities. Support Investment Teams - Work closely with the specialist teams such as the Green, Social, Impact Bond and broader fixed income investment teams. Support Business Development & Client Reviews- Work closely with the fixed income client portfolio management team to develop materials on sustainable and non-sustainable investment products for clients and distribution channels, responding to ad hoc client queries, providing specialist product or market input to RFPs, creation of bespoke and customized presentation materials and market analysis. Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Economics, Environmental Science, Business or Commerce 2 years or more of experience in financial services or sustainability Demonstrates a keen interest and is passionate about ESG and sustainability Strong communication and interpersonal skills Preferred Qualifications Project work related to sustainability topics – climate, biodiversity, water, human rights, etc. environmental science, social sciences, governance, economics or finance would be a plus. Capable of “learning agility” across different subjects and topics. Interest in learning nuances of investment products and financial markets, with desire for further knowledge Strong analytical and critical thinking skills Experience working and collaborating with multiple partners spread across different time zones in a global environment, both independently and as part of a team Ability to multi-task and meet multiple deadlines Team player, flexible and a self-starter Encourages a diverse and equitable culture interview_date (date):25 June 2024